Pioneering where the need is greater wasn't easy.
After a long day in service, I had a part to work on.
Thankfully, just to care of everything so I could focus on my part.
She's the best. Poor thing. She was exhausted.
Good thing we were turning in early.
William and I couldn't agree on much lately.
We couldn't afford this.
There had to be something cheaper, but he wouldn't listen.
Sometimes I feel my husband doesn't make the best decisions.
I just wish he'd value my suggestions.
Frankly, I've given up trying.
Just as Sarah obeyed Abraham, calling him Lord.
Hebrews chapter 11 and Isaiah chapter 51 also cite Sarah as a fine example for Christian wives.
But Christian husbands can also learn much from carefully examining.
Sarah's example for me.
Sarah was willing to move to parts unknown.
A life fraught with danger and hardship.
She unselfishely supported Abraham no matter what.
Just like my Jessica, she does without.
Never complains.
What a gem.
I can do better, letting her know just how precious she is to me.
Sarah submissively obeyed her husband.
But she also spoke up.
She loved her son.
And she knew what was at stake.
God's promises through Isaac, even though she knew it would upset Abraham.
She spoke up.
She must have thought carefully before speaking to him.
After all, she called him Lord.
Jehovah blessed her for her loyal support of Abraham.
Even reminding him to listen to her.
I knew I couldn't expect Jehovah to whisper in my husband's ear.
Did my speech show respect?
Like Sarah?
I needed to tell him how I felt.
But I needed to do it the right way.
That night, we spoke.
And little by little, things started to improve.
Imitating Sarah really worked.